I saw a Twitter post about a web app that had all the Chipotle locations and associated ratings with said Chipotle's

I want to add on to this idea and build almost a social media platform where people can post pictures live of their portions as well as if the Chipotle had everything they were looking for

Basically the Instagram of Chipotle

Thinking about getting Chipotle? Check the live feed to see if the portions are looking good!

Add Ons -
    Ratings of Portions
    Ratings of Staff
    Whether they were missing some component of your bowl
    Line Length
    *Check if Chipotle currently has a deal going on that would grant a free upgrade of some kind*

Problems:
    We need to scrape all the locations of Chipotle and store them into a Database so we can easily access them from within the API call
    Chipotle has all of these locations listed @ 
    https://locations.chipotle.com/
    TO BUY THIS DATA IS $95 DOLLARS, WTF, ONCE WE GATHER THIS FROM SCRAPING THE CHIPOTLE WEBSITE WE WILL PUBLISH THE DATASET ON GITHUB 
    https://www.scrapehero.com/store/product/chipotle-store-locations-in-the-usa/

    When we scrape the data on locations of Chipotle we will need to convert the addresses to long and lat values for the API to return, again storing this in the DB 
    

6/19/2024
Today we will start the journey of gathering the Chipotle location data with the help of a webscraper!
The goal is to gather important information about the Chipotle, including: State, City, Address, and Phone number
We can then use this information to get the longitude and latitude values of the location so we can plot the information on our map!

6/20/2024
With the Chipotle data gathered and stored in a CSV now it is time to get it loaded onto a map!
With the latitude and longitude values I just need to make an API endpoint where the data can be grabbed from for the web app

6/21/2024
Wanted to do more with the actual ratings system today, but got side tracked by doing more data cleaning
I think the data is completely clean now (no more address==name shenanigans), took a lot of time to get a good way to rename the Chipotles
The, hopefully final, cleaned dataset that we are now using is cleaned_chipotle_locations_v2.csv
I also added in the modal for when you click on a location as well as disabling other controls when the modal is up using a map overlay
The modal is very basic as of now and doesn't look great but it is a good start!

7/3/2024
Figured out some of the database problems today and successfully submitted a review to the database! Still can't seem to get PSQL working in the 
VSCODE terminal, but I can in the terminal that comes with PostgreSQL16. I am also using pgAdmin 4 to view the database in the GUI that has
been created! All around feeling good about seeing the data in the database, now I have to figure out if I want accounts and if I want posts to
be linked to users accounts and what not. More design work needed on the database, but feeling positive!

7/9/2024
Moved past the basic testing database that we were working with previously. Allowed for creation of accounts in a future update so users can be
tied to their reviews on different Chipotles! Adjusted all of the database requests as well as made a schema in the database folder. 
Added mock reviews to different Chipotles and am able to view them separately! Very excited with what got done today and am looking to add user
functionality next!

7/16/2024
The user signin and signup modals look a lot better now, took inspiration for styling from the Chipotle website. Made the adjustments to the icon clientside
so you don't have to refresh the page everytime you login or logout. Made a sidebar for when the user is logged in so they can see information and logout.
Added a remember me button so I can later add that the browser either forgets or remembers you.

7/17/2024 
Made some minor style changes to the sidebar. Thought about all the different items that might be useful on a sidebar. Started implementing a home location
button where when you click it brings you to the location on the map so you can easily view the reviews. Big struggles on trying to style the sidebar today,
might come back for more tomorrow, or I might start implenting viewing your own reviews or account settings, or styling the rating and view ratings modals. 
IDK, so much to do. 
Just for fun I got the home location update working, when you click on a location and select, set home location, local variables are set and the buttons text
is updated, when you click on the button it takes you to the correct location! Also I will need to store the home location in the database!!!
**I really need to clean up and comment the codebase sometime, it is getting a bit messy with all the functions**